http upload documentation (#2714)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/modules/mod_http_upload.md

It enables a service that on user request creates an upload "slot". 

> A slot is a pair of URLs, one of which can be used with a `PUT` method to upload user's file, the other with a `GET` method to retrieve the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A slot is a pair of URLs, one of which can be used with a `PUT` method to upload a user's file, the other with a `GET` method to retrieve such file.
```

* **token_bytes** (integer, default: `32`) - Number of random bytes of a token that will be used in a generated URL. 

>  The text representation of the token will be twice as long as the number of bytes, e.g. for the default value the token in URL will be 64 characters long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The text representation of the token will be twice as long as the number of bytes, e.g. for the default value the token in the URL will be 64 characters long.
```

* **max_file_size** (integer, default: 10485760 (10 MB)) - Maximum file size (in bytes) accepted by the module. Disabled if set to `undefined`.
* **s3** (list, default: unset) - Options specific to [S3][s3] backend.

#### [S3][s3] backend options

> * **bucket_url** (string, default: unset) - A complete URL pointing at the used bucket. The URL may be in [virtual host form][aws-virtual-host], and for AWS needs to point at a specific regional endpoint for the bucket. The scheme, port and path specified in the URL will be used to create `PUT` URLs for slots, e.g. specifying a value of `"https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mybucket/custom/prefix"` will result in `PUT` URLs of form `"https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mybucket/custom/prefix/<RANDOM_TOKEN>/<FILENAME>?<AUTHENTICATION_PARAMETERS>"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **bucket_url** (string, default: unset) - A complete URL pointing at the used bucket. The URL may be in [virtual host form][aws-virtual-host], and for AWS it needs to point to a specific regional endpoint for the bucket. The scheme, port and path specified in the URL will be used to create `PUT` URLs for slots, e.g. specifying a value of `"https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mybucket/custom/prefix"` will result in `PUT` URLs of form `"https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mybucket/custom/prefix/<RANDOM_TOKEN>/<FILENAME>?<AUTHENTICATION_PARAMETERS>"`.
```
Yeah, I know this wasn't touched by the PR, but now that I see it anyway 🤷 
_Point at_ is more of a physical gesture, while _point to_ is more direction-wise.

Author: well, this PR is about changing this file, so fill free to recheck all the rest parts

       ]}.
```

### Testing [S3][s3] configuration

> Since there is no direct connection between MongooseIM and [S3][s3] bucket,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there is no direct connection between MongooseIM and a [S3][s3] bucket,
```

> it is not possible to verify provided [S3][s3] credentials during startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is not possible to verify the provided [S3][s3] credentials during startup.
```

However, the testing can be done manually. MongooseIM provides a dedicated
`mongooseimctl http_upload` command for the manual URLs generation, it accepts
the following parameters:

* **Host** - XMPP host name.
* **FileName** - The name of the file.
* **FileSize** - The size of the file (positive integer).
* **ContentType** - [Content-Type][Content-Type], optional parameter. If not provided, must be an empty string `""`.
* **ExpirationTime** - Duration (in seconds, positive integer) after which the generated `PUT` URL will become invalid. This parameter shadows the **expiration_time** configuration.

> The generated URLs can be used to upload/download a file using `curl` utility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated URLs can be used to upload/download a file using the `curl` utility:
```

```bash
# Create some text file
echo qwerty > tmp.txt

# Get the size of the file
filesize="$(wc -c tmp.txt | awk '{print $1}')"

# Set the content type
content_type="text/plain"

# Generate upload/download URLs
urls="$(./mongooseimctl http_upload localhost test.txt "$filesize" "$content_type" 600)"
put_url="$(echo "$urls" | awk '/PutURL:/ {print $2}')"
get_url="$(echo "$urls" | awk '/GetURL:/ {print $2}')"

# Try to upload a file. Note that if 'add_acl' option is
# enabled, then you must also add 'x-amz-acl' header:
#    -H "x-amz-acl: public-read"
curl -v -T "./tmp.txt" -H "Content-Type: $content_type" "$put_url"

# Try to download a file
curl -i "$get_url"
```

[Content-Type]: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7231.html#section-3.1.1.5

### Using S3 backend with [min.io][minio]

[min.io][minio] doesn't support [ObjectACL][minio-limits], so enabling `add_acl`
makes no sense. The [bucket policies][bucket-policies] must be used instead,
it is enough to set the bucket policy to `download`.

> Please note, there is no error if you keep `add_acl` enabled. [min.io][minio] just

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that there is no error if you keep `add_acl` enabled. [min.io][minio] just
```

> ignores `x-amz-acl` header. This might be useful to simplify the migration from [S3][s3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ignores the `x-amz-acl` header. This might be useful to simplify the migration from [S3][s3]
```

       ]}.
```

### Testing [S3][s3] configuration

Since there is no direct connection between MongooseIM and [S3][s3] bucket,

> it is not possible to verify provided [S3][s3] credentials on a startup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it is not possible to verify provided [S3][s3] credentials during startup.
```

However, the testing can be done manually. MongooseIM provides a dedicated
`mongooseimctl http_upload` command for the manual URLs generation, it accepts

> the next parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the following parameters:
```

* **Host** - XMPP host name.
* **FileName** - The name of the file.
* **FileSize** - The size of the file (positive integer).
* **ContentType** - [Content-Type][Content-Type], optional parameter. If not provided, must be an empty string `""`.

> * **ExpirationTime** - Duration (in seconds, positive integer) after which the generated `PUT` URL will become invalid. This parameter shadows **expiration_time** configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **ExpirationTime** - Duration (in seconds, positive integer) after which the generated `PUT` URL will become invalid. This parameter shadows the **expiration_time** configuration.
```

> The generated URLs can be used to upload/download file using `curl` utility:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The generated URLs can be used to upload/download a file using `curl` utility:
```

```suggestion
The generated URLs can be used to upload/download files using `curl` utility:
```

```bash
# Create some text file
echo qwerty > tmp.txt

# Get the size of the file
filesize="$(wc -c tmp.txt | awk '{print $1}')"

# Set the content type
content_type="text/plain"

# Generate upload/download URLs
urls="$(./mongooseimctl http_upload localhost test.txt "$filesize" "$content_type" 600)"
put_url="$(echo "$urls" | awk '/PutURL:/ {print $2}')"
get_url="$(echo "$urls" | awk '/GetURL:/ {print $2}')"

# Try to upload a file. Note that if 'add_acl' option is
# enabled, then you must also add 'x-amz-acl' header:
#    -H "x-amz-acl: public-read"
curl -v -T "./tmp.txt" -H "Content-Type: $content_type" "$put_url"

# Try to download a file
curl -i "$get_url"
```

[Content-Type]: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7231.html#section-3.1.1.5

### Using S3 backend with [min.io][minio]

[min.io][minio] doesn't support [ObjectACL][minio-limits], so enabling `add_acl`
makes no sense. The [bucket policies][bucket-policies] must be used instead,

> it is enough to set bucket policy to `download`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it is enough to set the bucket policy to `download`.
```
